Okay, so what I need you to do on the market section or wherever, like it shows like the ticker of the stocks under icons or stocks and commodities, I need you to research online and find the real icons, like the actual logos, not just the generated version, but it needs to be like the real versions. There's definitely public places where you can find them because there's a lot of broken images right now. So I need them to be fixed. Then when it comes to the wallet where it says total portfolio, unavailable cash, I want you to do where it's like, okay, so available cash is like we'll never did deposit. So yeah, so just remove where it says available cash and just keep total portfolio. Then when it comes to withdraw, give the options if you wanna withdraw to an external crypto wallet to a bank account. And then when it comes to convert, make sure you can only convert crypto to crypto or crypto to fiat or stocks to fiat, commodities to fiat. In the profile section, allow them to edit their profile picture if they want. Then also, for the setup pin codes, whenever they set up a pin, make sure they type their pin and confirm it so every time they open the app, they must type the pin in. Remove, OK, and then when it comes to two-factor authentication, they can't. Just remove that, please. And then recent login activity as well must log like their real IP, their real device, almost everything must be real. And when I click on the light version, it only changes the navbar and the bottom navbar. It doesn't actually change the whole screen. So on the profile section anyways, and on most of the screens, it only changes on home and market. So please fix that. I'm gonna send you a screenshot of what it looks like. Please take your time on working on everything that I've mentioned. In the profile section, also add a contact section where there can be a WhatsApp, where there's a business email and a phone number, and then also like a live support chat. And then in the admin dashboard, make sure that, you know, I have access to the live support chat and I can speak to them and everything is saved permanently too. And also test the admin dashboard, make sure everything is aligned, everything is working perfectly.