Okay, so the two images I uploaded, there's an issue with the coloring, with the dark and the light theme. For some reason, when I click on buy, or when I click on sell on the light theme, it is just weird. Like, it's not, it's just off. Like, the light theme is just supposed to be all white. And then the other thing is that when I click on withdraw, see on withdraw, when I click on crypto wallet, it should be like a drop down that matches the design theme, just showing, like, the currencies that they have available. Only the ones that they have available, whether it's stocks or whatever. But then, when it comes to the total portfolio, all assets combined, like the component box, please make that more aesthetically pleasing. Make it look like more nice and make it make sense. And then when I click on the bank draw, once they put in the bank details there, make sure it's saved so they can select it. So we can do this in the settings as well. Let them be able to connect the bank in the settings. Please have the real bank logos, so the real bank logos. You can search them or find them online. And when it comes to contact and support, please use the real WhatsApp logo. Stop using the colored backgrounds for the things or the colored background icons. Make it more professional, make it more neat. I don't want no vibe coding type of UI. So please fix that as well. And then yeah, in admin, also let me know the updates that they're doing on their account so I can monitor what they're doing. Please make everything clean, make everything be market ready so I can finally publish my site. And then the INT Brokers logo on the navbar is so, so small. I can barely see it. Please make it bigger and visually look at it yourself and look at the issue I have.Then I want like a little pop-up, pop-up showing like, OK, um, there's a thing where, OK, cool, deposit $2,000 and get $500 for free, and there's no like withdrawal limit or whatever. Make the pop-up come up when they open, like, you know, the thing, maybe like out of five times, make a pop-up two times, three times, and then have like a deposit now button on the pop-up. Make it aesthetic, make sure it has like a 3D. I wanna send you like, I wanna send you a screenshot of an example of what it should look like too.